your mom is sick don 't let her worry too much	when i am away you are the only man in the family	how long will you leave us ?
did you get her name ?	no she just waited over there	about 35 kind of tall real good looking
well i don 't know	i just don 't think i can risk it with mike	i don 't want his blood on my hands
they want to give me a degree	i thought you had a degree	yeah what the hell were we paying for ?
well it could cause a panic	hundreds could die and they wouldn 't get out in time anyway	yeah unless they beat the rush
the old magic johnson not making the net enough lately ?	so listen get to work !	you 'r e on your own in town for the night
i can 't afford that at any rate	well but it 's also a lot of money	why haven 't you wished for a pair as a christmas present ?
you do good things you get good from japanese	you do bad things you get shot very quick	so do good things always please
but if you take me away from here i wouldn 't seem the same to you	you don 't understand do you ?	you 'r e right i don 't understand
i swear upon our daughter	don 't you dare swear upon our daughter !	why don 't you try and understand ?
you bring it back on again it would make a change	you can 't switch over at forty five others worse than me do it	you won 't be home anymore not for one single evening
i don 't even know what to do	so are you finding it tough to leave this old place ?	no i was just hanging around to help you clean up a little
jane i think i ought to be behind you	i hope we can find mother and tony	what do you think you 'r e doing anyway ?
if you wanted to know an artist you had to look at his art	what he really meant was if you wanted to catch a monster you had to become one yourself	in this case i d say it served him pretty well
she broke my heart a thousand ways	everyone around her is sure they 'r e gonna pay	comin on through step aside !
that was a long time ago	i never meant to kill the man in the lane	he wasn 't meant to die
i know you all think i killed my parents	we don 't think you killed anybody	you 'r e full of shit
i want to hold your hand ?	grandpa doesn 't that send you out of this world ? ?	and when i touch you ? ?
see this is what i hate about new partners	they always want to get personal	i want to talk about it all right ?
you don 't know anything about this story	you don 't know anything about it	don 't touch her you fat pig
